# CS-250-T1134-Software-Development-Lifecycle-22EW1

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? I actually made a discord bot for my friends to help them manage a server and they gave me a very vague idea of what they wanted but I didn't ask questions and ran with it which lead to me spending up to 10 hours a day for multiple days trying to fine tune and figure out exactly what they wanted over time and made the overall process a mess. This is where I think user stories would have came in as a big lifesaving factor. I should have collected more data, organized it, and then set out on the designing process before just coding away. 

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? When I first started learning how to program I very much did a waterfall approach since it allowed me to consider each aspect of design before going in. I would say I slowly moved into more of an agile approach as I became more experienced since it allowed me to split up the work design into segments. This class exposing me to the full cycle of the agile method I think will help improve me as a programmer moving forward. Specifically in further improving my use of adaptive planning which has been shown to be a staple point in the agile process.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? To be fluid in your approach. Adapting to different methodologies and approaches makes you a more valuable team member since you will be able to adjust however the teams needs you. I think its also important to be communicative with your team members as well as being willing to be a voice for your team when no one else will. Keep your team updated on your work but also ask for feedback and give feedback that way both you and your team can grow their skills.
